FAQ clarify that vulnerability reporting isn't limited to manufacturers (#28)
orcwg/cra-hub: faq.md

#### Q: When does the CRA enter into force and when does the regulation start to apply?

> The CRA enters into force on December 11, 2024. Reporting obligations of actively exploited vulnerabilities and severe incidents ([Article 14][]) start to apply on September 11, 2026. The notification of conformity of assement bodies ([Chapter IV][]) start to apply on June 11, 2026. Everything else starts to apply on December 11, 2027. _(Source: [Article 71][])_

Reviewer: This opens for some more questions to the FAQ:

*who* is obliged to report about "vulnerabilities and severe incidents", to whom and how is it supposed to be done?

Reviewer 2: "exploited vulnerabilities", that changes quite much

Reviewer 3: Transferred @bagder 's question to another ticket.

    Publication in the Official Journal of the EU (November 20, 2024): milestone, 2024-11-20, 5m
    Entry into force (December 11, 2024): milestone, 2024-12-11, 5m
    Implementation phase: 2024-12-11, 3y

>     Reporting obligations of vulnerabilities and incidents (September 11, 2026): milestone, 2026-09-11, 5m

Reviewer 2: exploited vulnerabilities

This is an important difference

Reviewer: Oh wow. Is that really the actual phrasing? The word "exploited" there changes everything.

Author: Yes, as used above in FAQ itself. This is a shorthand for the diagram.

    <a name="q-when-does-the-cra-enter-into-force-and-when-does-the-regulation-start-to-apply"></a>
    <summary><strong><a name="faq-tmp-10" href="#faq-tmp-10">tmp-10.</a> When does the CRA enter into force and when does the regulation start to apply?</strong></summary>

The CRA enters into force on December 11, 2024. Reporting obligations of actively exploited vulnerabilities and severe incidents ([Article 14][]) start to apply on September 11, 2026.

> The notification of conformity of assessment bodies ([Chapter IV][]) start to apply on June 11, 2026. Everything else starts to apply on December 11, 2027. _(Source: [Article 71][])_

Reviewer 4: You are right, that bit is very unlikely to be relevant to our readers.

> The notification of conformity of assessment bodies ([Chapter IV][]) start to apply on June 11, 2026. Everything else starts to apply on December 11, 2027. _(Source: [Article 71][])_

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
All other obligations for software developers start to apply on December 11, 2027. _(Source: [Article 71][])_
```

> The notification of conformity of assessment bodies ([Chapter IV][]) start to apply on June 11, 2026. Everything else starts to apply on December 11, 2027. _(Source: [Article 71][])_

Reviewer 6: Yeah; The Chapter IV Conformity Assessment Bodies deadline is meant of member states, but affects Manufacturers in that they shouldn't expect to have any conformity assessed before this date, right?

So this particular point isn't concerned with vulnerability reporting, but may still be relevant for Manufacturers under an FAQ that concerns itself with assessments procedures. And it should definitely be on a "global" timeline, imo.
